Enable extra repositories by the CLI in subscription (#566)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/subscription.rst

Activating a subscription will enable the stable YUM repositories, but will
disable any other repositories you may have added. You can re-enable any other

> repositories by setting the ``ExtraRepository`` property from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository by setting the ``ExtraRepositories`` property from the command line.
```

Activating a subscription will enable the stable YUM repositories, but will
disable any other repositories you may have added. You can re-enable any other
repositories by creating a "template-custom" for

> :file:`/etc/nethserver/eorepo.conf` or by the command line (beware of case sensitive) 

Reviewer: I'd remove the template-custom part and refactor to something like:
```
You can re-enable any other
repositories by setting ``ExtraRepository`` property from command line.
The property accept a comma-separated list of repository names and it's case sensitive. Example: ::
```

Author: yep I thought on it, no problem I will do, mainly I stated to let it because it is still true :D
